What about my husband? Why hasn't my husband come yet?
My brother has his own work to do
On the contrary, Sister Chu, you had to live by the piano last night
Doesn't Sister Qin have a place to live?
And my sister laughed.
I am my husband's wife
Where else can I live if I don't live in his house?
You hey hey calm down
Calm down. Everyone's here
Don't wait for me, eat now
Hey
Who the hell is sick? Put the snake on my bed
Don't you know that I am most afraid of snakes?
But you can quietly put snakes on my bed
The person who started it might be hiding on the axe
Don't say anything until the investigation is clear
So as not to startle the snake
What were you discussing?
I heard it outside the hospital
What just now?
Uh no
No husband
These are my own shrimp.
You try it thank you
Big brother
This is the beef braised by my little sister herself.
They're delicious!
What's so good about good beef?
My shrimp are healthy and nutritious
My beef keeps me fit
Eat my own
My, my, my.
Oh, that's enough.
Well, I'm going out for a walk.
Eat slowly, bro